don't you think the first lesson when
you do the Rhonda inspired that the legs
go around striking back and that I think
are is written Metro whenever should as
a staff it is a really good kind of
explaining a basic right over the
shoulder three block step step go down
one wave two and three cha-cha you're
gonna do one turn stop I'm not sure how
it's very quick been scary been like ten
minutes
I think we're struggling with
concentration sometimes I'm really
pleased because I feel like I'm picking
up the stairs my only worry is when I
come back tomorrow we have to start
winning again one two three cha-cha one
cha-cha one
I think I'm gonna try to push the
maximum to the limit and trying to keep
the goals high because I don't want to
have any regrets after it's done